azure functions module - closes #226 (#780)
bob-crutchley/courseware: topics/azure/modules/functions/README.md

### Speed

They are designed to execute **incredibly fast**. Work can usually be completed by an Azure Function in less than a second!

### Scaling

Azure Functions **scale automatically** on `demand`, so they are really useful when the demand is variable.

## Cost

This model of scaling based on demand is great for `saving` on costs. To explain this, we should look at an example:

### Scenario

>Your app relies on data generated from sports players wearing GPS devices.
> 
> These GPS devices generate lots of data at quite a speed. To monitor this data, you have another solution in place on Azure (for example, an IoT solution)
>
> The data is only coming in whilst the players are training or playing a game

In this scenario, we could use a more `traditional`, VM (Virtual Machine) based approach. The other Azure service monitors the data being generated and our code runs on a VM.

If we use this model, **we will incur costs even when the VM is idle**. This isn't very logical, as our code will only ever need to run when the other service is monitoring data coming in from the players' GPS units (when the players train or play a game).

> The more `logical` approach is to use `Azure Functions` to run our code. The function will run after being triggered by messages from our other Azure service. Once it's ran, it will `automatically` reallocate resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The more `logical` approach is to use `Azure Functions` to run our code. The function will run after being triggered by messages from our other Azure service. Once it has run, it will `automatically` reallocate resources.
```
